To pull the data from
the Alteryx Ace program's website,
we start with a text input tool.
Enter the URL of the page,
and enter the field URL.
Next we connect the download tool,
and add a browse tool after that.
When Alteryx is run we can see
the results in the download data cell.
We can expand the size of the window to
see the data in this download data cell.
This cell contains the entire webpage.
To output this to a CSV
file we then connect
the select tool first to remove the two
extraneous fields that don't contain
the data from the webpage,
URL and Download Data Headers.
Then we connect up the output data tool,
select a file,
enter a file name for the CSV file.
Click Save, make sure the file
type is listed as CSV.
And then be sure to change
the delimiter, from a comma to /0.
Which indicates no delimiter.
And make sure that the option 4
First Row Contains Field Names,
does not contain a check.
When we run the workflow,
the file would be created.
[SOUND] If we click on the file,
it will be opened up in the tool that
opens CSV files by default.
And we can see the output.